Add logger service description (#3477)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Demos/Logging-and-logger-configuration.rst

Logger level configuration: externally
--------------------------------------

In the future there will be a generalized approach to external configuration of loggers at runtime (similar to how `rqt_logger_level <https://wiki.ros.org/rqt_logger_level>`__ in ROS 1 allows logger configuration via remote procedural calls).
**This concept is not yet officially supported in ROS 2.**

> In the meantime, this demo provides an **example** service that can be called externally to request configuration of logger levels for known names of loggers in the process.

Reviewer: this example should be removed? i think we can keep it for a while but eventually it will be no need?

Author: According to my understanding, I think current logger service is `a generalized approach`.   
The previous example is another way. Whether do we keep these contents to put emphasis on this way?

.. tabs::

  .. group-tab:: Linux

    .. code-block:: C++

        // Create a node with logger service enabled
        auto node = std::make_shared<rclcpp::Node>("NodeWithLoggerService", rclcpp::NodeOptions().enable_logger_service(true))

  .. group-tab:: Python

    .. code-block:: python

        # Create a node with logger service enabled
        node = Node('NodeWithLoggerService', enable_logger_service=True)

> You will find 2 services under node `node_with_logger_service` by running `ros2 service list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find 2 services under node `NodeWithLoggerService` by running `ros2 service list`
```

Author: Fix it.

* set_logger_levels

    Use this service to set logger levels by specified logger names.

    Run `ros2 service call` to set logger levels for `NodeWithLoggerService` and `rcl`.
    .. code-block:: bash

        $ ros2 service call /NodeWithLoggerService/set_logger_levels rcl_interfaces/srv/SetLoggerLevels '{levels: [{name: "NodeWithLoggerService", level: 20}, {name: "rcl", level: 10}]}'

        requester: making request: rcl_interfaces.srv.SetLoggerLevels_Request(levels=[rcl_interfaces.msg.LoggerLevel(name='NodeWithLoggerService', level=20), rcl_interfaces.msg.LoggerLevel(name='rcl', level=10)])

        response:
        rcl_interfaces.srv.SetLoggerLevels_Response(results=[rcl_interfaces.msg.SetLoggerLevelsResult(successful=True, reason=''), rcl_interfaces.msg.SetLoggerLevelsResult(successful=True, reason='')])

There are demo code on how to set/get logger level via logger service.

  * rclcpp: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/demo_nodes_cpp/src/logging/use_logger_service.cpp>`
  * rclpy: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/demo_nodes_py/demo_nodes_py/logging/use_logger_service.py>`

.. warning::

>     Currently, there is a limitation that `get_logger_levels` and `set_logger_levels` services are not thread-safe. This means that you need to ensure that only one thread is calling the services at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Currently, there is a limitation that `get_logger_levels` and `set_logger_levels` services are not thread-safe.
    This means that you need to ensure that only one thread is calling the services at a time.
```

>     This limitation will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please see details to https://github.com/ros2/rcutils/issues/397.
```

Logger level configuration: externally
--------------------------------------

> You can use logger service to implement external configuration of loggers at runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the node logger service to externally configure loggers at runtime.
```

Author: Updated.

> The following code shows how to enable logger service while creating node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code shows how to enable the logger service while creating the node.
```

Author: Updated.

.. tabs::

  .. group-tab:: Linux

    .. code-block:: C++

        // Create a node with logger service enabled
        auto node = std::make_shared<rclcpp::Node>("NodeWithLoggerService", rclcpp::NodeOptions().enable_logger_service(true))

  .. group-tab:: Python

    .. code-block:: python

        # Create a node with logger service enabled
        node = Node('NodeWithLoggerService', enable_logger_service=True)

> You will find 2 services under node `NodeWithLoggerService` by running `ros2 service list`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you run one of the nodes as configured above, you will find 2 services when running ``ros2 service list``:
```

Author: Updated

.. code-block:: bash

    $ ros2 service list
    ...
    /NodeWithLoggerService/get_logger_levels
    /NodeWithLoggerService/set_logger_levels
    ...

* get_logger_levels

>     Use this service to get logger levels by specified logger names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Use this service to get logger levels for specified logger names.
```

Author: Updated

    Run `ros2 srvice call` to get logger levels for `NodeWithLoggerService` and `rcl`.

>     .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Run ``ros2 service call`` to get logger levels for ``NodeWithLoggerService`` and `rcl``.

    .. code-block:: bash
```

Author: Updated

        ros2 service call /NodeWithLoggerService/get_logger_levels rcl_interfaces/srv/GetLoggerLevels '{names: ["NodeWithLoggerService", "rcl"]}'

        requester: making request: rcl_interfaces.srv.GetLoggerLevels_Request(names=['NodeWithLoggerService', 'rcl'])

        response:
        rcl_interfaces.srv.GetLoggerLevels_Response(levels=[rcl_interfaces.msg.LoggerLevel(name='NodeWithLoggerService', level=0), rcl_interfaces.msg.LoggerLevel(name='rcl', level=0)])

* set_logger_levels

>     Use this service to set logger levels by specified logger names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Use this service to set logger levels for specified logger names.
```

Author: Updated

    Run `ros2 service call` to set logger levels for `NodeWithLoggerService` and `rcl`.

>     .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Run ``ros2 service call`` to set logger levels for ``NodeWithLoggerService`` and ``rcl``.

    .. code-block:: bash
```

Author: Updated

        $ ros2 service call /NodeWithLoggerService/set_logger_levels rcl_interfaces/srv/SetLoggerLevels '{levels: [{name: "NodeWithLoggerService", level: 20}, {name: "rcl", level: 10}]}'

        requester: making request: rcl_interfaces.srv.SetLoggerLevels_Request(levels=[rcl_interfaces.msg.LoggerLevel(name='NodeWithLoggerService', level=20), rcl_interfaces.msg.LoggerLevel(name='rcl', level=10)])

        response:
        rcl_interfaces.srv.SetLoggerLevels_Response(results=[rcl_interfaces.msg.SetLoggerLevelsResult(successful=True, reason=''), rcl_interfaces.msg.SetLoggerLevelsResult(successful=True, reason='')])

> There are demo code on how to set/get logger level via logger service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is also demo code showing how to set or get the logger level via the logger service.
```

  * rclcpp: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/demo_nodes_cpp/src/logging/use_logger_service.cpp>`

>   * rclpy: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/demo_nodes_py/demo_nodes_py/logging/use_logger_service.py>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * rclcpp: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/demo_nodes_cpp/src/logging/use_logger_service.cpp>`__
  * rclpy: `demo code <https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/demo_nodes_py/demo_nodes_py/logging/use_logger_service.py>`__
```

Author: Updated

.. warning::

>     Currently, there is a limitation that `get_logger_levels` and `set_logger_levels` services are not thread-safe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Currently, there is a limitation that ``get_logger_levels`` and ``set_logger_levels`` services are not thread-safe.
```

Author: Updated

    This means that you need to ensure that only one thread is calling the services at a time.

>     Please see details to https://github.com/ros2/rcutils/issues/397

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Please see the details in https://github.com/ros2/rcutils/issues/397.
```

Author: Updated

Logger level configuration: externally
--------------------------------------

You can use the node logger service to externally configure loggers at runtime.

> The following code shows how to enable the logger service while creating the node.

Reviewer 2: I think this section should have some introduction, describing that the logger services are available but not enabled by default.  Something like:

```
ROS 2 nodes have services available to configure the logging level externally at runtime.
These services are disabled by default.
The following code shows how to enable the logger service while creating the node.
```

Author: Yeah. The documentation should emphasize that this service is disabled by default.

.. tabs::

  .. group-tab:: Linux

    .. code-block:: C++

        // Create a node with logger service enabled
        auto node = std::make_shared<rclcpp::Node>("NodeWithLoggerService", rclcpp::NodeOptions().enable_logger_service(true))

  .. group-tab:: Python

    .. code-block:: python

        # Create a node with logger service enabled
        node = Node('NodeWithLoggerService', enable_logger_service=True)

If you run one of the nodes as configured above, you will find 2 services when running ``ros2 service list``:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ ros2 service list
    ...
    /NodeWithLoggerService/get_logger_levels
    /NodeWithLoggerService/set_logger_levels
    ...

* get_logger_levels

    Use this service to get logger levels for specified logger names.

>     Run ``ros2 service call`` to get logger levels for ``NodeWithLoggerService`` and ``rcl``.
>     .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Run ``ros2 service call`` to get logger levels for ``NodeWithLoggerService`` and ``rcl``.

    .. code-block:: bash
```

        ros2 service call /NodeWithLoggerService/get_logger_levels rcl_interfaces/srv/GetLoggerLevels '{names: ["NodeWithLoggerService", "rcl"]}'

        requester: making request: rcl_interfaces.srv.GetLoggerLevels_Request(names=['NodeWithLoggerService', 'rcl'])

        response:
        rcl_interfaces.srv.GetLoggerLevels_Response(levels=[rcl_interfaces.msg.LoggerLevel(name='NodeWithLoggerService', level=0), rcl_interfaces.msg.LoggerLevel(name='rcl', level=0)])

* set_logger_levels

    Use this service to set logger levels for specified logger names.

>     Run ``ros2 service call`` to set logger levels for ``NodeWithLoggerService`` and ``rcl``.
>     .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Run ``ros2 service call`` to set logger levels for ``NodeWithLoggerService`` and ``rcl``.

    .. code-block:: bash
```
